Updating docs, fixing some places where configured ports weren't being incldued properly (#189)
mitodl/unified-ecommerce: docs/source/technical/apigateway.md

Transitional access APIs involve the APISIX OIDC integration.

```{mermaid}
---
title: Session Establishment
---
flowchart LR
    accessEndpoint["User hits the endpoint"]
    hasApisixSession["User has an APISIX session"]
    redirectSso["Redirected to Keycloak SSO"]
    ssoAuth["Log in via SSO"]
    ssoAuthOk["SSO Auth OK"]
    ssoAuthBad["SSO Auth Fail"]
    apisixAuth["Session setup in APISIX"]
    intoDjango["Redirect into Django"]
    fail["Auth failed"]

    accessEndpoint --> hasApisixSession
    hasApisixSession --> intoDjango
    hasApisixSession --> redirectSso
    redirectSso --> ssoAuth
    ssoAuth --> ssoAuthBad
    ssoAuth --> ssoAuthOk
    ssoAuthOk --> apisixAuth
    ssoAuthBad --> fail
    apisixAuth --> intoDjango
```

Since APISIX sits before the Django app, it will first check to see if the user has a session established in APISIX. If it does, then the user is passed along to the Django app. If not, the user is redirected into Keycloak to log in. Assuming that succeeds, APISIX receives the user back, sets up its own session, and then sends the user to the Django app with the APISIX payload attached. (If the user can't get past Keycloak, the process stops.)

> APISIX attaches user information in a special `X-UserInfo` header. A middleware within the Django app to process this header, either update or create a user account, and establish a Django session for the account with the data contained within.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. Maybe this is clearer? 

```suggestion
APISIX attaches user information in a special `X-UserInfo` header. A middleware within the Django app processes this header, either updates or creates a user account, and establishes a Django session for the account with the data contained within.
```

    ssoAuth --> ssoAuthBad
    ssoAuth --> ssoAuthOk
    ssoAuthOk --> apisixAuth
    ssoAuthBad --> fail
    apisixAuth --> intoDjango
```

Since APISIX sits before the Django app, it will first check to see if the user has a session established in APISIX. If it does, then the user is passed along to the Django app. If not, the user is redirected into Keycloak to log in. Assuming that succeeds, APISIX receives the user back, sets up its own session, and then sends the user to the Django app with the APISIX payload attached. (If the user can't get past Keycloak, the process stops.)

APISIX attaches user information in a special `X-UserInfo` header. There's a middleware within the Django app to process this header, either update or create a user account, and establish a Django session for the account with the data contained within.

Since this is basically a login API, this workflow is used by the `/establish_session` endpoint. The frontend calls an endpoint to retrieve the current user data, and redirects the user to `/establish_session` if the user's not logged in. This endpoint then sends the user back to the frontend, and they can then interact with Unified Ecommerce.

> We don't funnel all authenticated API requests through Keycloak - APISIX's redirect generally results in a CORS error (plus, an Axios request won't really handle the redirect properly), and POST data will be lost for POST requests. So, instead, we just make sure the user has a session and then work from there. (There may be a better way to do this. APISIX doesn't _have_ to redirect the user through Keycloak.)

Author: Rewrote this for clarity.

## X-UserInfo

When configured to use authentication via OIDC Connect, APISIX returns the user data back to the application by injecting it into the HTTP headers sent to the app. A custom middleware in the application decodes this data, and takes action based on it.

APISIX sends user data retrieved via OIDC in the `X-UserInfo` header. The data is sent as a base64-encoded JSON object, and its contents may vary but include:

> 

Author: The data gets sent in clear text between APISIX and Django over HTTP. We could set this up to use HTTPS so the data is at least encrypted in transit. (APISIX communicates with Keycloak via HTTPS.)

@Ardiea can confirm but these pieces should all communicate over a private network when deployed via Kubernetes.
